{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## References\
\
1.Docs.ropensci.org. 2021. Introduction to R for road safety: an introduction to R and practical exercises. [online] Available at: <https://docs.ropensci.org/stats19/articles/stats19-training.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
2.Robin Lovelace, J., 2021. Chapter 12 Transportation | Geocomputation with R. [online] Geocompr.robinlovelace.net. Available at: <https://geocompr.robinlovelace.net/transport.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
3.Blog.ukdataservice.ac.uk. 2021. How can we calculate levels of deprivation or poverty in the UK? (part 1) \'96 Data Impact Blog. [online] Available at: <http://blog.ukdataservice.ac.uk/deprived-or-live-in-poverty-1/> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
4.Living Streets. 2021. How walkable is Leeds?. [online] Available at: <https://www.livingstreets.org.uk/get-involved/the-uks-top-walking-cities/how-walkable-is-leeds> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
5.Travelindependent.org.uk. 2021. Road Casualties: Leeds Highway Authority Area. [online] Available at: <http://www.travelindependent.org.uk/area_049.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
6.nhs.uk. 2021. Walking for health. [online] Available at: <https://www.nhs.uk/live-well/exercise/walking-for-health/> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
7.file:///Users/eshanashrivastava/Downloads/stats19-example%202/tds-coursework-example-reproducible.html\
\
8.R Lovelace, L., 2021. Introducing stats19. [online] Cran.r-project.org. Available at: <https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/stats19/vignettes/stats19.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
9.Pedestriansafety.org.uk. 2021. Road casualty analysis. [online] Available at: <http://www.pedestriansafety.org.uk/stats.php> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
10.Cran.r-project.org. 2021. Cycling potential in UK cities. [online] Available at: <https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pct/vignettes/cycling-potential-uk.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
11.Crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov. 2021. [online] Available at: <https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/811748> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
12.Rdocumentation.org. 2021. pct package - RDocumentation. [online] Available at: <https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/pct/versions/0.2.2> [Accessed 27 May 2021].\
\
13.Rstudio.github.io. 2021. Leaflet for R - Shapes. [online] Available at: <https://rstudio.github.io/leaflet/shapes.html> [Accessed 27 May 2021].}